README.md, before:


  # Professional ReadMe Generator
   
  ## Description
  A node file used to generate professionally structured and consistent ReadMe files


  ## Table of Contents

  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  

  ## Installation
  Step-by-step Instructions go here


  ## Usage
  Instructions on using the application go here


  ## Credits
  Awesome Study Group


  ## Tests
  By following the prompts above, pushing to GitHub


  ## License
   Licensed with MIT License
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html)
  ### MIT License
    A short and simple permissive license with conditions only requiring preservation 
    of copyright and license notices. Licensed works, modifications, and larger works 
    may be distributed under different terms and without source code.


  


  ## Questions
  ### Please contact me with any questions;
  ### Github: [https:.//github.com/dbottoni](https://github.com/dbottoni)
  ### Email: danabottoni@gmail.com

Commit message:

push changes shown on screen recording

README.md, after:


  # Professional ReadMe Generator
   
  ## Description
  A node file used to generate professionally structured and consistent ReadMe files


  ## Table of Contents

  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Credits](#credits)
  * [Tests](#tests)
  

  ## Installation
  Step-by-step instructions for proper installation of the application go here


  ## Usage
  Detailed instructions on using the application go here


  ## Credits
  Awesome Study Group


  ## Tests
  Follow the prompts, push to GitHub


  ## License
   Licensed with GNU License v3.0 or Later
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html)
   ### GNU License v3.0 or Later
    Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available 
    complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger 
    works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices 
    must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

  


  ## Questions
  ### Please contact me with any questions;
  ### Github: [https:.//github.com/dbottoni](https://github.com/dbottoni)
  ### Email: danabottoni@gmail.com
